Add spec page for package identifiers (#265)
conda/conda-dot-org: learn/specifications/distribution/package-identifiers.md

# Identifying packages

## Types of packages

The conda ecosystem distinguishes between two types of packages:

- Distributable package names: represented by a concrete, downloadable, extractable conda artifact.

> - Virtual package names: not backed by any concrete artifact. They only exist on the client side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Distributable packages: represented by a concrete, downloadable, extractable conda artifact.
- Virtual packages not backed by any concrete artifact. They only exist on the client side.
```
